concordium-node/scripts/local/README.md, before:

# Local test based in Docker-Compose

This docker compose deploy a local test based on the following structure:
 * 1 *bootstrapper* node.
 * 1 *testrunner* node.
 * 1..N *baker* nodes. By default, it launches just one. See *RUN* section to
   know how to using several replicas.
 * 1 *baker_id_gen* node. This service is just to generate sequential _ID s_
   which will be use by each *baker* node.

All services use the same docker image: *concordium/common:latest*. However,
each service defined in `docker-compose.yml` overwrites its `entrypoint` to run
specific launcher script.

## Requirements
To use this you must have rsync, docker, and docker-compose installed.

## Advantages

### No external port or IP is needed
This docker-compose generates a network where nodes are deployed, so it is not
needed to use *external ports or ips*.

### Right start-up order
Start up order is defined by `depends_on` instruction. It defines what other
services should be running _before_ start the current service. In this case, any
_node_ (baker) requires that `bootstrapper` and `baker_id_gen` have to be
running.

### Automatic link to bootstrapper

Each baker node uses `BOOTSTRAP_NODE` environment variable to link with the
`bootstrapper` node. It uses the name of the service instead of its IP address.

### Common log for all services

Using docker-compose approach, you can see logs from all nodes together.

## How to build

It requires to clone repositories before build docker image. After that you just
need to use `docker-compose build` command as usual:

```bash
$> ./pre_build.sh
$> docker-compose build
```

Sometimes you can make changes in scripts and docker cache do not detect them,
so image is not generate. In order to force a *full* build, you just need:
```bash
$> ./pre_build.sh
$> docker-compose build --no-cache
```

## Run with N baker nodes 

Use `--scale` argument and (`NUM_BAKERS` environment variable  to increase 
number of bakers for a specific service. As example, to run it using 4 baker nodes:

```bash
$> NUM_BAKERS=4 DESIRED_PEERS=4 docker-compose up --scale baker=4
```
*NOTE:* It is crucial that the environment variable `NUM_BAKERS` *will be equal to number
of scaled bakers*, and `DESIRED_PEERS` must be greater than or equal to `NUM_BAKERS`.

*NOTE 2* To set extra args to the binaries, use the environment variable `EXTRA_ARGS`,
where an example of which could be `--debug` to enable debug logging in the components.

In order to *stop* and *remove* containers, networks, volumes, etc., you have to
use:

```
$> docker-compose down
```

## Exposed ports

### Baker nodes

11100-11500/tcp on the local machine is mapped for gRPC access to individual baker nodes

### Testrunner

Port 11000/tcp for HTTP interface.

Commit message:

0.1.35 changelog
- switched from `RusTLS` to `snow-rs` (`Noise`)
- first round of global-state including key-value store in rust
- massive increase in coverage for `gRPC` integration
- `consensus` is now linked statically greatly improving CI/build times (on Linux)
- `nix-build` and `nix-shell` integration (only on Linux, as it depends on static libraries)
- sync up with `consensus` and rust `crypto` to latest version
- removal of `RusQLite` in favor of global state holding data instead
- ability to profile both Rust and Haskell code via CLI argument
- P2P protocol optimizations (`&str` begone)

concordium-node/scripts/local/README.md, after:

# Local test based in Docker-Compose

This docker compose deploy a local test based on the following structure:
 * 1 *bootstrapper* node.
 * 1 *testrunner* node.
 * 1..N *baker* nodes. By default, it launches just one. See *RUN* section to
   know how to using several replicas.
 * 1 *baker_id_gen* node. This service is just to generate sequential _ID s_
   which will be use by each *baker* node.

All services use the same docker image: *concordium/common:latest*. However,
each service defined in `docker-compose.yml` overwrites its `entrypoint` to run
specific launcher script.

## Requirements
To use this you must have rsync, docker, and docker-compose installed. Secondly,
as this image is quite storage heavy due to static linking - it is recommended to
use a `Base Device Size` of a minimum of 20GB.

## Advantages

### No external port or IP is needed
This docker-compose generates a network where nodes are deployed, so it is not
needed to use *external ports or ips*.

### Right start-up order
Start up order is defined by `depends_on` instruction. It defines what other
services should be running _before_ start the current service. In this case, any
_node_ (baker) requires that `bootstrapper` and `baker_id_gen` have to be
running.

### Automatic link to bootstrapper

Each baker node uses `BOOTSTRAP_NODE` environment variable to link with the
`bootstrapper` node. It uses the name of the service instead of its IP address.

### Common log for all services

Using docker-compose approach, you can see logs from all nodes together.

## How to build

It requires to clone repositories before build docker image. After that you just
need to use `docker-compose build` command as usual:

```bash
$> ./pre_build.sh
$> docker-compose build
```

Sometimes you can make changes in scripts and docker cache do not detect them,
so image is not generate. In order to force a *full* build, you just need:
```bash
$> ./pre_build.sh
$> docker-compose build --no-cache
```

## Run with N baker nodes 

Use `--scale` argument and (`NUM_BAKERS` environment variable  to increase 
number of bakers for a specific service. As example, to run it using 4 baker nodes:

```bash
$> NUM_BAKERS=4 DESIRED_PEERS=4 docker-compose up --scale baker=4
```
*NOTE:* It is crucial that the environment variable `NUM_BAKERS` *will be equal to number
of scaled bakers*, and `DESIRED_PEERS` must be greater than or equal to `NUM_BAKERS`.

*NOTE 2* To set extra args to the binaries, use the environment variable `EXTRA_ARGS`,
where an example of which could be `--debug` to enable debug logging in the components.

In order to *stop* and *remove* containers, networks, volumes, etc., you have to
use:

```
$> docker-compose down
```

## Exposed ports

### Baker nodes

11100-11500/tcp on the local machine is mapped for gRPC access to individual baker nodes

### Testrunner

Port 11000/tcp for HTTP interface.
